c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\VendingMachineKata.dll.config
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\VendingMachineKata.dll
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\VendingMachineKata.pdb
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\obj\Debug\VendingMachineKata.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\obj\Debug\VendingMachineKata.dll
c:\users\cory\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VendingMachineKata\VendingMachineKata\obj\Debug\VendingMachineKata.pdb
